docs: general cleanup and maintenance (#50473)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/moderator-handbook.md

Please pay special attention to the labels `"help wanted"` and `"first timers only"`. These are to be added to threads that you think can be opened up to potential contributors for making a pull request.

> A `"first timers only"` label should be applied to a trivial issue (ie a typo fix) and should include additional information. You can use this [reply template](reply-templates.md#first-timer-only-issues) for triage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For triaging a trivial issue such as a typo fix, it is recommended to apply a "first timers only" label along with additional information. You can utilize the [reply template](reply-templates.md#first-timer-only-issues) provided for this purpose.
```
